My boyfriend told me to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down.
Q. What did the girl cat say to the boy cat on  ’s Day? A. You’re purrr-fect for me.
Q. What did the sleepy Australian bear say at the job interview? A. “I believe I am koala-fied for this position.”
A dog walks into a butcher shop and the butcher asks, “What do you want?” The dog points to steak in a glass case. “How many pounds?” The dog barks twice. “Anything else?” The dog points to some pork chops and barks four times. So the butcher wraps up a two-pound steak and four pork chops, and places the bag in the dog’s mouth. He then takes money from a purse tied around the dog’s neck, and sees him out. A customer, who has been watching in amazement, follows the dog to a house several blocks away, where it rings the doorbell to be let in. As the owner appears at the door, the customer says, “What a remarkable dog!” “Remarkable?” snorts the owner. “This is the second time this week he’s forgotten his keys.”

Q: If love is “grand,” what is divorce? A: A hundred grand, or more.
Q: Why are Italians so good at making coffee? A: Because they know how to espresso themselves.
Q. Why can’t you run through a campground? A. You can only ran, because it’s past tents. (Credit: @punnstagram)
 




Q: Whats the difference between love and marriage? A: Love is blind and marriage is an eye-opener!
My son wanted to know what it’s like to be married. I told him to leave me alone and when he did, I asked him why he was ignoring me.
My boyfriend told me to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down.
Q: How are coffee beans like kids? A: They’re always getting grounded!
If the local coffee shop has awarded you “Employee of the Month” and you don’t even work there, you may be drinking too much coffee.
Coffee is the most important meal of the day
Shout out to the people who ask what the opposite of “in” is. (Credit: justbadpuns.com)
I’m only friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know Y. (Credit: justbadpuns on tumblr)
Q. What sound does a sleeping T-Rex make? A. A dino-snore.
Q: What’s worse than raining cats and dogs? A: Hailing taxis
 
 
-By Sam Benson Smith-
An old guy walks into a bar and the bartender asks for ID. “You’ve got to be kidding,” he said. “I’m almost 60 years old.” The bartender apologized, but said he had to see the license. The guy showed his ID, then paid and told the bartender to keep the change. “The tip’s for carding me,” he said. The bartender put the change in the tip cup. “Thanks,” he said. “Works every time.”
An extensive government study has revealed that the leading cause of cancer in laboratory rats is scientists.
Several years ago we headed to a nearby town to visit some relatives. I had a new car and was having fun driving fast on the twisty country roads. As we zoomed along, I noticed a three-legged chicken keeping pace with me. I slowed to get a better look at the speedster when it turned and went down a dirt road. I stopped, turned around and followed it. After a short ride, we came upon a house with an older couple sitting on the porch and dozens of three-legged chickens in the yard. I asked them, “Are these your chickens? They’re the fastest I’ve ever seen.” The old man said, “Yep.” So I asked him where they came from, and he replied, “When the kids were younger, they always fought over the chicken legs, so we decided to breed a three-legged chicken.” I nodded and said, “Well, they are fast, but what do they taste like?” He admitted, “Not rightly sure; we never could catch one.” 
When my daughter, Brooxie, was 5 years old, she’d stay with my husband’s parents while we were at work. One day Brooxie was helping Papaw gather eggs. While putting the eggs into the basket she was carrying, she asked, “Papaw, where do these eggs come from?” Papaw then explained in detail the delicate process of making an egg. Brooxie put her hands on her hips and exclaimed, “Papaw, I don’t eat anything that comes out of a chicken!” And for many years, she didn’t. 
I advertised the following item on our local radio program: For sale: Small push-type lawn mower. Brand-new, $40. One person called and asked if the lawn mower was a single or double cylinder. I told him, “It depends on how fast you walk!” 
People always tell me I’m condescending. (That means talking down to people.)
Q. What do you call a round, green vegetable that breaks out of prison? A. An escapea.
Q. Why can’t you run through a campground? A. You can only ran, because it’s past tents. (Credit: @punnstagram)
What do you call a thieving alligator? A Crookodile
My computer suddenly started belting out “Someone Like You.” It’s a Dell.
People always tell me I’m condescending. (That means talking down to people.)
Spouse #1: Honey, this coffee tastes like dirt. Spouse #2: That’s not surprising, dear, it was just ground this morning. 
Q: Where do birds go for coffee? A: To the NESTcafe
Soup of the day: Coffee.
Q: What’s the opposite of coffee? A: Sneezy. 
Q. Why can’t Harry Potter tell the difference between the pot he uses to make potions and his best friend? A. They’re both cauld ron. (Credit: @hogwartslogic on Twitter)
Two windmills are standing in a wind farm. One asks, “What’s your favorite kind of music?” The other says, “I’m a big metal fan.”
Want to hear something terrible? Paper. See? I told you it was tear-able.
Last night, I dreamed I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. But it was just a Fanta sea. (Credit: justbadpuns on tumblr)
I had to get rid of my husband. He was allergic to my cat. 
Q: What’s the worst kind of cat? A: A  -astrophe
Q: What do you call a cat in a station wagon? A: A car-pet
Q: What do cats eat for breakfast? A: Mice Krispies
Why did the diet coach send her clients to the paint store? She heard you could get thinner there.
I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me.
A lizard walks into a bar pushing a baby in a stroller. “What’s your kid’s name?” asks the bartender. “Tiny,” says the lizard. “Because he’s my newt.”
“Poor Old fool,” thought the well-dressed gentleman as he watched an old man fish in a puddle outside a pub. So he invited the old man inside for a drink. As they sipped their whiskeys, the gentleman thought he’d humor the old man and asked, “So how many have you caught today?” The old man replied, “You’re the eighth.”
Some Texans are mingling at the bar when an Oxford graduate walks in. “Howdy, stranger,” one Texan says. “Where are you from?” The Oxford graduate answers, “I come from a place where we do not end our sentences in prepositions.” “Oh, I’m sorry,” replies the Texan. “Where are you from,  ?”
Infinitely many mathematicians walk into a bar. The first says, “I’ll have a beer.” The second says, “I’ll have half a beer.” The third says, “I’ll have a quarter of a beer.” Before anyone else can speak, the barman fills up exactly two glasses of beer and serves them. “Come on, now,” he says to the group, “You guys have got to learn your limits.” 
During a summer ranch tour we were hosting for an elder hostel, our van passed a pasture with a windmill and a herd of cattle around a stock tank. A lady on the tour said, “Oh, look! This rancher put up a fan to cool the animals!” 
“Um.” —First horse that got ridden  
A few months ago, Hamas  “arrested” a dolphin for being an  Israeli spy. Readers of    magazine came up with titles for  the film this action might inspire: • Orcapussy • Free Schmuelly • Goldflipper • The Porpoise-Driven Life • Dolphinfidel
A woman called our airline  customer-service desk asking if she could take her dog on board. “Sure,” I said, “as long as you provide your own kennel.” I further explained that the kennel needed to be large enough for the dog to stand up, sit down, turn around, and roll over. The customer was flummoxed:  “I’ll never be able to teach him all of that by tomorrow!”
Natives of Baltimore, Maryland, my wife and I decided to move to the country in southwest  Virginia for a change of pace. After we made the move, we started to notice little things about our neighbors. One we could not get over was how they gave directions. When we asked, everyone said to go down yonder and go over yonder and go around yonder. We would say thank you, but when we got into the truck we’d look at each other and ask, “Do you know where yonder is?” So for the first year or so, we drove around in circles. Then the other day, while we were in town shopping, someone asked us for directions. As I told them where to go, it came to me all at once. It took some time, but yeah—now I know where yonder is. And the people there are all right. 
 Dad, do you know what the most commonly used letter in a girl’s name is?  Hmm, is it a consonant or a vowel? ( .) Please tell me you know what consonants and vowels are.  You’re no fun, Dad. Forget it.  What is a vowel?  OK, OK. A vowel is … ahh … eh … well, oh … uh …  Close enough.  
My husband was waterskiing when he fell into the river. As the boat  circled to pick him up, he noticed a hunter sitting in a duck boat in the reeds. My husband put his hands in the air and joked, “Don’t shoot!” The hunter responded, “Don’t quack.”
What do you call a bee that can’t make up its mind? A Maybe
What do you call a pig that does karate? Pork chop

I tried to say, “I’m a functional adult,” but my phone changed it to “fictional adult,” and I feel like that’s more accurate.
Q: Why did the computer show up at work late? A: It had a  hard drive.
Person 1: Hey Rachyl, do you remember me? Person 2: Wrong number. Person 1: What’s your number then?
Matt: Hey Dr. Park, this is Matt from the Vascular lab. I have an outpatient here with an external iliac occlusion with cold foot pin and numbness that started 3 days ago. What should I do with her? Hannah: Hi, this is Hannah. I think you have the wrong number, but I Googled it and I’m pretty sure u need to put a stent in her left radial artery. Best of luck, Matt! Matt: Sorry, wrong number Hannah. She ended up actually getting a stent. Took about 3 hours longer for trained medical professionals to figure out what took you 3 minutes. Hannah: Yoooo, yall hiring?
Guy: I’m sorry. I hate when we fight cuz I really like you too and wanna be with you too and everytime we fight I feel like I’m gonna make u lose all the feelings u have for me and I don’t want that cuz I like when you like me back. Girl: I love you too … But who are you?
I can’t stand Russian nesting dolls. They’re so full of themselves.
Rick Astley will let you borrow most of his Pixar movies, but he’s never gonna give you  . (Credit: justbadpuns on tumblr)
There are two types of people in this world: People who love Starbucks and liars.
Hold the sugar please, you’re sweet enough for the both of us.
A man went to his psychiatrist and said, “Every time I drink my coffee, I get a stabbing pain in my right eye,”  The psychiatrist said, “Well, have you tried taking the spoon out?” 
Q. Did you hear the one about the astronaut who stepped in gum? A. He got stuck in Orbit.
My boss yelled at me the other day, “You’ve got to be the worst train driver in history. How many trains did you derail last year?” I said, “Can’t say for sure, it’s so hard to keep track!”
A man sued an airline company after it lost his luggage. Sadly, he lost his case.
Atoms are untrustworthy little critters. They make up everything!  
Q: What do you call a dog that’s ready for spring break? A: Pug boat
What breed of dog tells  off-color jokes? A smutt.
When I was teaching kindergarten and had a cold, I would often get laryngitis with it. One day a student asked me, “Do you have a frog in your nose?” 
Q. What do you call a round, green vegetable that breaks out of prison? A. An escapea.
Q: What’s the difference between a cat and a comma? A: One has claws at the end of its paws, while the other is a pause at the end of a clause. 
Q: What do you call at cat that goes bowling? A: An alley cat
Q: Why was the cat disqualified from the game? A: It was a cheetah.
“I’m not interested in any diet plan unless it lets me use rollover calories.”—@sbellelauren
The only difference in my life when I’m on a diet is instead of saying, “I ate nachos,” I say, “I accidentally ate nachos.”—@behindyourback
Q. What do you call someone who can’t stick with a diet? A. A desserter.  
I’ve just written a song about tortillas; actually, it’s more of a rap.
Velcro—what a rip-off!
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner as all it was doing was gathering dust.
An amnesiac walks into a bar. He goes up to a beautiful blonde and says, “So, do I come here often?”
At an all-you-can-eat buffet, my nine-year-old was excited to find a chocolate milk machine. But her aunt did not approve. “Chocolate milk for dinner?” she asked. “It’s delicious!” said my daughter. Her aunt shrugged. “Well, its 8 a.m. somewhere.”
The barman says, “We don’t serve time travelers in here.”  A time traveler walks into a bar.
A penguin walks into a bar, goes to the counter, and asks the bartender, “Have you seen my brother?” The bartender says, “I don’t know. What does he look like?”
Yeah, I’d probably freak out too if  a raven flew into my house. That poem still holds up.
A Canadian psychologist is  selling a video that teaches you how to test your dog’s IQ. Here’s how it works: If you spend $12.99 for the video, your dog  is smarter than you.
We’ve begun to long for the pitter-patter of little feet, so we bought a dog. It’s cheaper, and you get more feet.
A salesman talked my uncle into buying 10,000 personalized pens for his business with the promise that  he would be eligible to win a 32-foot yacht. A born gambler, my uncle agreed. Well, he won, and a few weeks after the pens arrived, his prize showed up: a 12-inch plastic yacht with  32 plastic feet glued to the bottom.
A woman noticed her husband standing on the bathroom scale, sucking in his stomach. “Ha­­! That’s not going to help,” she said. “Sure, it does,” he said. “It’s the only way I can see the numbers.”
The black lacquer stand  holding his prized samurai swords was dusty, so my husband left our cleaning lady a note, reading, “Check out my swords.” That evening, he found the stand just as dirty as  before but with this appended to  his note: “Nice swords.”

Q: What did the watermelon say to the cantaloupe? A: You’re one in a melon
Don’t go bacon my heart. I couldn’t if I fried.
If you were a fruit, you’d be a fine-apple
Mom: How make chicken Daughter: What? Mom: Where buy chicken Daughter: Mom, this isn’t Google. Mom: Avocado
Daughter: Dad there’s a moth on the outside of the bathroom door. Can you get rid of it? Daughter: Please hurry because I’m going to cry. Daughter: Dad… Daughter: Dad… Dad: Dad is dead. You’re next. Love, Moth
Choosing a movie? Don’t trust these extremely abbreviated plot  explanations. •  : A family’s first Airbnb experience goes very wrong. • : Group spends nine hours returning jewelry.   •  : Everyone tries the ice-bucket challenge.      •  : Stockholm syndrome works.      • : Kid comes out of the closet.    
• I’m employed at a computer security company and have a colleague whose name is M. Alware. His e-mail address is  • My ex-boss’s name is R. Stone. His e-mail was  • My name is James Pan. Every other permutation of my name was taken (e.g., jpan, jamesp), so I’m stuck with 
Red sky at night, shepherd’s  delight. Blue sky at night, day.
 What kind of exercise do lazy  people do?  Diddly-squats.
Q: What is best Beatles song? A: Latte Be
Q: What did the barista’s   say? A: I can’t espresso my love for you.
Q: How does a tech guy drink coffee? A: He installs Java!
Q. What does Earth say to tease the other planets? A. “You guys have no life.”
Q. How do Earth, Saturn, and Neptune organize a party? A. They planet.
In 1905, Albert Einstein published a theory about space. And it was about time.
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar… It was tense.
An atom loses an electron… it says, “Man, I really gotta keep an ion them.”
Q: What do you call a sad pup? A: mellon collie
Q: What was the dogs favorite type of homework to do? A: A lab report
What did the dog say to his doctor? Be careful with the thermometer, last time it was a bit ruff.  
I’m looking for the man who shot my paw.
I wanted to see lots of animals at the zoo, but they only had one small dog. It was a shih-tzu.
A woman called our airline  customer-service desk asking if she could take her dog on board. “Sure,” I said, “as long as you provide your own kennel.” I further explained that the kennel needed to be large enough for the dog to stand up, sit down, turn around, and roll over. The customer was flummoxed:  “I’ll never be able to teach him all of that by tomorrow!”
A Canadian psychologist is  selling a video that teaches you how to test your dog’s IQ. Here’s how it works: If you spend $12.99 for the video, your dog  is smarter than you.
We’ve begun to long for the pitter-patter of little feet, so we bought a dog. It’s cheaper, and you get more feet.
Just realized a pregnant dog is a dog full of puppies. That’s the best.
“We’re eating  dinner soon.  Don’t fill up  on homework.”  —Dog mom
If you’re a fan of lousy literature, you’re in luck: Here are two  intentionally bad first lines of nonexistent novels. As he caressed her hair, cheek, forehead, chin, collarbone, shoulder, upper arm, and  stomach, she knew that her  decision to take Octoman as  a lover was the correct one.    If Vicky Walters had known  that ordering an extra shot of espresso in her grande non-fat sugar free one pump raspberry syrup two pumps vanilla syrup soy latte that Wednesday would lead to her death and subsequent rebirth as a vampire, she probably would have at least gotten whipped cream.   
My sister-in-law was teaching Sunday school class. The topic for the day: Easter Sunday and the  resurrection of Christ. “What did Jesus do on this day?” she asked. There was no response,  so she gave her students a hint:  “It starts with the letter R.” One boy blurted, “Recycle!”
Just before the final exam in  my college finance class, a less-than-stellar student approached me. “Can you tell me what grade  I would need to get on the exam  to pass the course?” he asked. I gave him the bad news. “The exam is worth 100 points. You would need 113 points to earn a D.” “OK,” he said. “And how many points would I need to get a C?”
In college, my freshman-year roommate was in ROTC and came from a long line of military men. Trask (his last name) used that  heritage to lord it over me. But I had the last laugh. One night, he returned to the dorm in his perfectly pressed  uniform, his newly acquired name tag in his hand. Reluctantly, he showed it to me. In large gold letters was printed: TRASH.
Q. Why does yogurt love going to museums? A. Because it’s cultured.
Q. What do you call a fake noodle? A. An impasta.
I just burned 2000 calories in 20 minutes. How?! I forgot to take my brownies out of the oven.
SPOILER ALERT: That milk has been in the fridge for three weeks.
Q: Why did the cat run away from the tree? A: It was scared of its bark. 
Q: What would a cat say if you stepped on its tail? A: “Me-OW!”
Q: What did the alien say to the cat? A: “Take me to your litter.”
Q: What is a cat’s favorite color? A: Purrrple
Ate salad for dinner! Mostly croutons and tomatoes. Really just one big, round crouton covered with tomato sauce. And cheese. Fine, it was pizza. I ate a pizza.
A whale swims all day, only consumes fish and water, and is fat. A rabbit only eats vegetables, runs and hops all day long, and only lives 5 years. Meanwhile a tortoise doesn’t run and does nothing energetic, yet it lives for 450 years. And you tell me to eat well and exercise! I don’t think so.
Q: What do you call a non-amateur live bacteria? A: A Pro-Biotic -By Sam Benson Smith-
I choked on a carrot this afternoon, and all I could think was, “I bet a donut wouldn’t have done this to me.”
Don’t you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
I hate Russian dolls, they’re so full of themselves.
250 lbs here on Earth is 94.5 lbs on Mercury. No, I’m not fat. I’m just not on the right planet.
A panda walks into a bar and gobbles some beer nuts. Then he pulls out a gun, fires it in the air, and heads for the door. “Hey!” shouts the bartender, but the panda yells back, “I’m a panda. Google me!” Sure enough,  : “A tree-climbing mammal with distinct black-and-white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves.”
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Hey.” The horse says, “You read my mind, buddy.”
Two men walk into a bar. You’d think at least one of them would have ducked.
Two cartons of yogurt walk into a bar. The bartender, who is a tub of cottage cheese, says to them, “We don’t serve your kind in here.” One of the yogurt cartons says to him, “Why not? We’re cultured individuals.”
Just realized a pregnant dog is a dog full of puppies. That’s the best.
“We’re eating  dinner soon.  Don’t fill up  on homework.”  —Dog mom
Why do dogs always race to the door when the doorbell rings? It’s hardly ever for them.
Nature abhors a vacuum, but not as much as a cat does.
I’ve been working on my PhD  in engineering for the past five years, but my kids don’t necessarily see that as work. As we were driving past Walmart one day, my son spotted a Now Hiring sign and suggested that I could get  a job there. Hoping to make a point, I asked, “Do you think they’re looking for an engineer?” “Oh, sure,” he said. “They’ll hire anybody.”
 A conversation with my friend’s father, who knows I do  Web design.  I have a business idea. How hard is it to make a Facebook?  Oh, very easy.  He doesn’t mean to make  a Facebook profile. He means to  remake all of Facebook.  Oh. Very hard.  Oh, OK.
Halloween is the beginning of the holiday shopping season. That’s for women. The beginning of the holiday shopping season for men is Christmas Eve.
I love you from my head tomatoes
Q: What do you get when two dinosaurs crash their cars? A: T-Rex
Q: What job did the frog have at the hotel? A: Bellhop
Q: What do you call a pig that does karate? A: Pork chop
I saw a driver texting and driving. It made me so mad I threw my beer at him.
Autocorrect has become my worst enema.
Thanks to autocorrect, 1 in 5 children will be getting a visit from Satan this Christmas.
“I feel like carp today” “Yeah, you look a little fishy”
The attorney tells the accused, “I have some good news and some bad news.” “What’s the bad news?” asks the accused. “The bad news is, your blood  is all over the crime scene, and the DNA tests prove you did it.” “What’s the good news?” “Your cholesterol is 130.”
A few months ago, Hamas  “arrested” a dolphin for being an  Israeli spy. Readers of    magazine came up with titles for  the film this action might inspire: • Orcapussy • Free Schmuelly • Goldflipper • The Porpoise-Driven Life • Dolphinfidel
A woman noticed her husband standing on the bathroom scale, sucking in his stomach. “Ha­­! That’s not going to help,” she said. “Sure, it does,” he said. “It’s the only way I can see the numbers.”
Here are real—and very literate—names of Roller Derby players: • Grimm Scarytales • Pain Eyre • Pippi Longstompings
Q: How are men like coffee? A: The best ones are rich, hot, and can keep you up all night.

Q: How does Moses make his coffee? A: He brews.
Q. Where do astronauts like to party? A. The space bar.
Q. Why do people make bad chemistry jokes? A. Because all the good ones Argon.
Q. What do visitors to the International Space Station have to do before boarding? A. Pay the parking meteor.
Q. How much room does a fungus need to grow? A. As mushroom as possible. (Credit: nothingstacethesame on tumblr)

I had to clean out my spice rack and found everything was too old and had to be thrown out.  What a waste of thyme.
6:30 is the best time on a clock… hands down.
I hate how funerals are always at 9 a.m.  I’m not really a mourning person.
What did the dog in the hard hat say? My specialty is roofing.
Q: What do you call a dog magician? A: A Labrabacadabrador
My buddy said he threw a stick five miles and his dog managed to find it and brought it back. Seems a little far fetched.
Why do dogs always race to the door when the doorbell rings? It’s hardly ever for them.
I spend three minutes every  day choosing a TV channel  to leave on for my dog. Then  I go to work, and people take me seriously as an adult.
My niece was dragged into court by a neighbor who complained about her barking dogs. At one point, the judge asked the neighbor a question. The neighbor didn’t reply. “Sir, are you going to answer me?” The neighbor leaped to his feet. “Are you talking to me?” he asked. “Sorry; I can’t hear a darn thing.” The case was dismissed.
A first-grade teacher can’t  believe her student isn’t hepped up about the Super Bowl. “It’s a huge event. Why aren’t you excited?” “Because I’m not a football fan. My parents love basketball, so I do too,” says the student. “Well, that’s a lousy reason,” says the teacher. “What if your parents were morons? What would you be then?” “Then I’d be a football fan.”
For Martin Luther King Day,  I asked my fifth graders how they’d make the world a better place. One said, “I’d make potato skins a main dish rather than an appetizer.”
Try as she might, our granddaughter couldn’t grasp the concept of potty training. Then one day … Success! Jumping up and down,  she threw her arms in the air  and yelled in excitement, “I went potty all by myself, and now I can  go to Harvard!”
Q: Why did the dieter go to the paint store? A: He wanted to get thinner.
Q: Why do watermelons have fancy weddings? A: Because they cantaloupe.
What does a grape say when it gets stepped on? Nothing, it just lets out a little wine.
Q: Why don’t kittens like shopping online? A: They prefer looking at a  -alogue.
Q: What’s a cat’s favorite dessert? A: A mice cream cone
Q: How do cats get over a fight? A: They hiss and make up.
Nature abhors a vacuum, but not as much as a cat does.
I dressed my dog up as a cat for Halloween. Now he won’t come when I call him.
I hate brushing my teeth at night because that signifies that you can’t have any more food. I’m just never ready for that kind of commitment.
I exercised once, but found I was allergic to it. My skin flushed and my heart raced. I got sweaty and short of breath. Very dangerous.
Ladies – want to drop 5 pounds? Let go of your purse.
All my life I thought air was free… until I bought a bag of chips.
The best thing about good old days is that we were neither good nor old.
I have clean conscience. I haven’t used it once until now.
If we shouldn’t eat at night, why do they put a light in the fridge?
This cowboy walks into a bar and orders a beer. His hat is made of brown wrapping paper, his shirt and vest are made of waxed paper, and his chaps, pants, and boots are made of tissue paper. Pretty soon they arrest him for rustling.
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
So there was this dyslexic guy who walked into a bra.
Doctor Jones likes to stop at a bar after work and enjoy an almond daiquiri. One day, Dick the bartender runs out of almonds and uses hickory nuts instead. The doctor takes a sip and says, “Is this an almond daiquiri, Dick?” And Dick says, “It’s a hickory daiquiri, Doc.”
After a talking sheepdog gets all the sheep in the pen, he reports back to the farmer: “All 40 accounted for.” “But I only have 36 sheep,” says the farmer. “I know,” says the sheepdog. “But I rounded them up.” 
I dressed my dog up as a cat for Halloween. Now he won’t come when I call him.
Q: What do you call an Amish guy with his hand in a horse’s mouth? A: A mechanic.
My girlfriend told me to take a spider out instead of killing it. We went and had some drinks. Cool guy. Wants to be a lawyer.
The biggest change after having kids was putting a swear jar in the house. Whenever I say a bad word,  I have to put a dollar in the jar, and  at the end of every month, I take all that money and buy myself a nice steak for being such a cool dad.
“Has your son decided what  he wants to be when he grows up?”  I asked my friend. “He wants to be a garbageman,”  he replied. “That’s an unusual ambition to have at such a young age.” “Not really. He thinks that garbagemen work only on Tuesdays.”
My ten-month-old was sitting in her high chair, twisting and moving all over the place. My wife said to me, “Straighten her up.” I looked at my daughter and said, “What are you doing with your life? Do you want to be this way forever? It’s time to grow up.” My wife hasn’t asked me to do anything since.
Q: What do you call an everyday potato? A: A commentator
Q: How do you put a baby alien to sleep? A: You rocket
Q: What do you call a thieving crocodile? A: A crookodile
“I am hungary.” “Maybe you should czech the fridge.” “I’m russian to the kitchen.” “Is there any turkey?” “We have some, but it’s covered in greece” “ew, there’s norway I’d eat that!”
Anyone who thinks “talk is cheap”… obviously didn’t pay my daughter’s last mobile phone bill!
The guy who invented predictive text died last night. His funfair is next monkey.
The guy who invented auto-correct for smart phones passed away today. Restaurant in peace.
I think it’s pretty cool how  the Chinese made a language entirely out of tattoos.
I’m trying to get into classical  music, but I can’t find any original recordings. All the music is performed by cover bands.
Been reading up on the  thesaurus lately because a mind is a terrible thing to garbage.



Q. What did the astronomer’s friends do after he didn’t win the Nobel Prize? A. They gave him a constellation prize.
Q. Want to hear a Sodium joke? A. Na.
Q. What did Neil Armstrong do after he stepped on Buzz Aldrin’s toe? A. He Apollo-gized.
Want to hear a Potassium joke? K.
Q. What do clouds do when they become rich? A. They make it rain!
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day.  A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
Ray’s friends claim he’s a baseball nut. He says they’re way off base.
The public safety officer came up to a large mob of people outside a department store and asked, “What’s happening?” A mall officer replied, “These people are waiting to get the new Barbie doll.” The public safety officer shook his head and muttered, “Who can resist a Barbie queue?” 
Why not go out on a limb? Isn’t that where all the fruit is?  
Guess what I’ll call my house key? My Corg-key!
Today is ruff.
Don’t stop retreievin’ hold on to that feline
I’m not fat. I’m just a little husky.
After a talking sheepdog gets all the sheep in the pen, he reports back to the farmer: “All 40 accounted for.” “But I only have 36 sheep,” says the farmer. “I know,” says the sheepdog. “But I rounded them up.” 
I dressed my dog up as a cat for Halloween. Now he won’t come when I call him.
A sign said, “Do not allow your dog to chase,  injure, or worry wildlife.” How is a dog going to “worry” wildlife? Run up to a bird: “Hey, I think you’ve got something on your beak. It could be a tumor.”
I wonder if Superman ever put glasses on Lois Lane’s dog and she was like, “I’ve never seen this dog before. Is this a new dog?”
Gauging from these exam  excerpts, my college dance students had better stick with pliés. “The costumes were vindictive  of the style of dance.” “I commend Bill T. Jones for  his acts of true kindness and  selfishness.” “Dancers must have long limps.” “At first, I had a hard time  understanding and interrupting  his movement.” “Savion Glover’s purpose is to cross all racial and ethical barriers with his dance.”
• Q:  What’s the name of a  six-sided polygon? A: Sixagon. • Q:  What part of the body is  affected by glandular fever? A: The glandular. • Q:  In The Tempest, why does  Ariel sing in Gonzalo’s ear? A:  She’s a mermaid and wants to be human. • Q:  In comparison with large  hydrocarbons, how would you describe small hydrocarbons? A: They’re smaller. • Q:  Who were the Bolsheviks? A: A Russian ballet company.
: I don’t understand why my grade was so low. How did  I do on my research paper? : Actually, you didn’t turn in a research paper. You turned in a random assemblage of sentences. In fact, the  sentences you apparently  kidnapped in the dead of night  and forced into this violent and arbitrary plan of yours clearly seemed to be placed on the pages against their will. Reading your paper was like watching unfamiliar, uncomfortable people interacting at a cocktail party that no one wanted to attend in the first place. You didn’t submit a research paper. You submitted a hostage situation.
I’m now in high school, so when I ran into my third-grade teacher, I doubted she would remember me. “Hi, Miss Butcher,” I said. “Hi, Eddie,” she replied. “So you do remember me?” I asked. “Sure. You don’t always leave a good impression, but it is a lasting one.”
Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway.
Boy, I just got hit in the head with a can of soda. I was lucky it was a soft drink.
Q: What do you get when you play Tug-of-War with a pig? A: Pulled-Pork.
I went to a seafood restaurant and slipped. I pulled a mussel.
My cat just walked up to the paper shredder and said, “Teach me  everything you know.”
I bet cats have  a secret website where they  upload clips of cute humans  trying to open DVD packaging  and jump-start  cars.  
The military may have invented the Internet, but not all government schemes have worked as well. In  the ’60s, the CIA hatched a plan to implant a battery and a microphone in a cat so the furry feline could  spy on unsuspecting targets. The program was halted when, after years of research and millions of  dollars spent, the spy cat was run over by a cab.
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can’t get eight cats to pull a sled through snow. —
Q: What do you call an American folk hero who starts a weight loss trend? A: Johnny Applecidervinegar. -By Sam Benson Smith-
When someone tells me I gained weight, I just say I’m in the process of westward expansion.
Q: What was the terracotta figurine’s favorite superfood? A: Ch-Ch-Ch-Chia Seeds. -By Sam Benson Smith-
I don’t need a personal trainer as much as I need someone to follow me around and slap the unhealthy foods out of my hand.
Do I lose when the police officer says papers and I say scissors?
If I got 50 cents for every failed math exam, I’d have $ 6.30 now.
A pig stands in front of an electric socket: “Oh no, who put you into that wall?!”
Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a martini. The bartender asks, “Olive or Twist?”
A man walks into a bar with a chunk of asphalt under one arm. The man says, “Beer, please, and one for the road.”
A pair of jumper cables walk into a bar and ask for a drink. The bartender says, “OK, but I don’t want you starting anything in here.”
My cat just walked up to the paper shredder and said, “Teach me  everything you know.”
Wandering inside a pet store,  I stopped in front of a birdcage to  admire a parakeet. We watched each other for a few minutes before it asked, “Can’t you talk?”
What should you do when  you see an endangered animal  eating an endangered plant?
None of my grandsons share my corny sense of humor. When the family is eating lasagna, I say, “Lean over your plate, boys. You’ll get  less-on-ya.” I say to the ten-year-old, “Don’t yell through the screen; you’ll strain your voice.” And when I took another grandson to the zoo, I asked, “Do you know why that snake’s not pressed against the glass? He doesn’t want to be a windshield viper.” They’ll probably laugh later. 
Dad rarely dresses up, so when he left the bedroom decked out in a suit and tie, he wanted to commemorate the moment. Handing me a camera, he asked, “Mind taking a selfie of me?”
My father was completely lost in the kitchen and never ate unless someone prepared a meal for him. When Mother was ill, however, he volunteered to go to the supermarket for her. She sent him off with a carefully numbered list of seven items. Dad returned shortly, very proud of himself, and proceeded to unpack the grocery bags. He had one bag of sugar, two dozen eggs, three hams, four boxes of detergent, five boxes of crackers, six eggplants, and seven green peppers.
Q: What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A: A pouch potato
Q: What did the volcano say to his wife? A: I lava you
Q: What do you call and owl that does magic tricks? A: Hoodini
Q: What do you call an iPhone that isn’t kidding around? A: Dead Siri-ous
Q: Why was the cell phone wearing glasses? A: It lost its contacts.
You know you’re texting too much when… You type ppl instead of people in a letter.
You know you’re texting too much when… …you try to text, but you’re on a landline.
I’m writing my book in fifth person, so  every sentence starts out with: “I heard from this guy who told somebody …”
These words are   joining our vocabulary in 2016!  piling clothes on  a chair in place of a closet or dresser.  an idea that seems like an amazing insight to the conceiver but is in fact pointless, mundane, stupid, or incorrect.  the cocoon of blankets and pillows you gather around yourself while spending long periods of time on the Internet.  the anticipation felt when waiting for a response to  a text.  when you’re unable to type without repeatedly making mistakes.
Bifocals are God’s way of saying, “Keep your chin up.”
Mary goes to the post office to buy 50 stamps for her Hanukkah cards. “What denomination?” asks the postal clerk. Mary thinks a second before  replying, “Give me six Orthodox,  12 Conservative, and 32 Reform.”



We really need to stop talking about mitosis. It’s such a divisive issue.
Are you going to finish that atom? You want to split it?
Did you hear about the chemist who was reading a book about helium? He couldn’t put it down!
What did the beach say when the tide came in? … Long time no sea.



I need to see a dentist. One of my canines is getting loose.
Did you hear about the dog that gave birth on the side of the road? She was ticketed for littering.
What breed of dog tells  off-color jokes? A smutt.

I’m a dog trainer. Before I met with a new client, I had her fill out a questionnaire. One question asked, “Why did you choose this breed?” My client responded, “I often ask myself this very same question.”
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can’t get eight cats to pull a sled through snow. —
I tell ya, my dog is lazy. He don’t chase cars. He sits on the curb and takes down license plate numbers. —Rodney Dangerfield
My dog was my soul mate; we both took naps, we both skipped lunch, we both hated the vacuum… —Elayne Boosler
I don’t want to brag or make anybody jealous or anything, but  I can still fit into the earrings I wore in high school.
One hard thing to explain to teens is how legitimately exciting it used to be when someone would wheel in an overhead projector.
A mother complained to my wife,  a schoolteacher, that other students were stealing her daughter’s pencils. “It’s not the money—it’s the  principle,” she insisted. “My husband took those pencils from work.”
“Give me a sentence about a public servant,” the teacher instructed her second-grade student. “The fireman came down the ladder pregnant,” he answered. “Umm … Do you know what pregnant means?” “Yes,” said the boy. “It means  carrying a child.”
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
Q: What do you call the king of vegetables? A: Elvis Parsley.
You know what’s hard to beat for breakfast? A boiled egg.
Spending a lot of time at the coffee bar can cause a latte problems.
If someone from the 1950s suddenly appeared, what would be the most difficult thing to explain about life today? One answer: “I possess a device in my pocket that is capable of accessing the entirety of information known to man. I use it to look  at pictures of cats and get into arguments with strangers.”
They make cat food out of cow, fish, turkey, chicken & lamb meat—but not mouse meat, which is probably all cats want.
Me and the wife [singer Katy Perry] have three cats, and they get whatever they want. We can only know what they want from what we speculate, so it’s a lot of vests, hats, and cat shoes.
“Wow, that Lean Cuisine really filled me up,” said no one ever.
Q: What was the most popular weight-loss trend in the Holy Roman Empire? A: The Diet of Worms. -By Sam Benson Smith-
Q: How does the Energizer bunny stay in shape? A: The Alkaline diet. -By Sam Benson Smith-
Today I bought a cupcake without the sprinkles. Diets are hard.
Meanwhile, in a parallel universe: “Oh for God’s sake! Where are all these extra single socks coming from?!”
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
“Um.” —First horse that got ridden  
A lot of people cry when they cut onions. The trick is not to form an emotional bond.
A mushroom walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender tells him to get out. The mushroom says, “Why? I’m a fun-guy.”
A guy walks into a bar and finds a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, “What are you staring at? Haven’t you ever seen a horse tending bar before?” The guy says, “It’s not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place.”
A bear walks into a bar and says, “I’d like a beer ……………. and some of those peanuts.” The bartender says, “Sure, but why the big paws?”
On the day I received my learner’s permit, my father agreed to take me out for a driving lesson. With a big grin, he hopped in behind the driver’s seat. “Why aren’t you sitting up front on the passenger’s side?” I asked. “Kirsten, I’ve been waiting for this ever since you were a little girl,” Dad replied. “Now it’s my turn to sit back here and kick the seat.”
While flying from Denver to Kansas City, Kansas, my mother was sitting across the aisle from a woman and her eight-year-old son. Mom couldn’t help laughing as they neared their destination and she heard the mother say to the boy, “Now remember — run to Dad first, then the dog.”
My husband’s cousin married a former Marine who now works for United Parcel Service. They bought their four-year-old son two stuffed bears — one in a UPS uniform and the other in Marine garb. When the boy seemed confused, his father brought out a picture of himself in full Marine dress. “See, Connor?” he explained, pointing to the photo and then to the bear. “That’s Daddy.” Connor’s eyes went from one to the other, and then he asked in a puzzled voice, “You used to be a bear?”
Q: Why did the banana go to the doctor? A: It wasn’t peeling well
Q: What do you call a classy fish? A: Sofishticated
Q: What do you call a bear with no teeth? A: Gummybear
You know you’re texting too much when… …you’re happy when you get stopped at a red light.
You know you’re texting too much when… …you say LOL in real life, instead of just laughing.  
If you understand English, press 1. If you do not understand English, press 2.
How can you ever be late for anything in London? They have  a huge clock right in the middle  of the town.
I think a lot of the conflict that happened in the Wild West could’ve been avoided had architects in those days just made their towns big enough for everyone.
I’ve given up social media for the New Year and am trying to make friends outside Facebook while  applying the same principles. Every day, I walk down the street and tell passersby what I’ve eaten, how I feel, what I did the night before, and what I will do tomorrow. Then I give them pictures of my family, my dog, and me gardening. I also listen to their conversations and tell them I love them. And it works. I already have three people following me—two  police officers and a psychiatrist.



A photon checks into a hotel and is asked if he needs any help with his luggage. He says, “No, I’m traveling light.”
Atom 1: “I think I’ve lost an electron.” Atom 2: “Are you sure?” Atom 1: “I’m positive.”







A Dachshund walks into a telegraph office, picks up a blank form, and writes: “Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof.” The clerk looks over the paper for a minute before telling the dog, “You know, there are only nine words here. You could add another ‘Woof’ for the same price.” The Dachshund shakes his head at the clerk in disbelief. “But that would make no sense at all.”
I hide photos on my computer of me petting animals at the zoo in  a file named Fireworks and vacuums so my dog won’t find them.
Two racehorses are in a stable. One says to the other, “You know,  before that last race …” “The one that you won?” asks the other horse. “Yeah, before that race, I felt a pinch in my hindquarters.” The other horse says, “Funny,  I felt a pinch in my hindquarters  before the race that I won.” A dog walking by says, “You  idiots, you’re being doped. They’re injecting you with a drug to make you faster!” The first horse turns to the other and says, “Hey, a talking dog!”
I recently ran into an old student of mine, who said, “I always liked you. You never had favorites. You were mean to everyone.” 
“Hurry up or we’ll be late!” shouts a teacher to her kindergarten class. “What’s the rush?” a tot asks coolly. “If we’re late, we’ll miss your next class!” the teacher reminds him. The kid shrugs. “If you’re in such a hurry, go on without us.” —Source: Funny in Thailand Survey
Why was the math book sad? Because it had so many problems.
"How do you spell toad?" one of my first-grade students asked.   "We just read a story about a toad," I said, then helped him spell it out: "T-O-A-D."   Satisfied, he finished writing the story he’d begun, then read it aloud: "I toad my mama I wanted a dog for my birthday." 
Did you see the movie about the hot dog? It was an Oscar Wiener.
A guy just threw a glass of milk at me. How dairy!
I was going to grow an herb garden, but I couldn’t find the thyme.
When our client’s dog lapped up anti-freeze, the veterinarian I work for ordered a unique treatment: an IV drip mixing fluids with vodka. “Go buy the cheapest bottle you can find,” he told me. At the liquor store, I was uneasy buying cheap booze so early in the day, and I felt compelled to explain things to the clerk. “Believe it or not,” I said, “this is for a sick dog.” As I was leaving, the next customer plunked down two bottles of muscatel and announced, “These are for my cats.”
Does kitty dream of slinking down the catwalk? If so, give her a name that screams “I’m a star!” Like these actual pet names … Cleocatra Bing Clawsby Chairman Meow Alexander the Grey Mary-Louise Barker Bettie Poops Virginia Woof Iggy Pup
I dressed my dog up as a cat for Halloween. Now he won’t come when I call him.
 You should eat 1,200 calories a day.  OK, and how many a night?
I wanted to work out…but then I wanted to   work out even more.
I never thought I’d be the type of person who would get up early in the morning to exercise. I was right.
I need to start eating more healthy, but first I need to eat all the junk food in the house so it’s not there to tempt me anymore.
I wrote a song about a tortilla. Well actually, it’s more of a wrap.
Some people just have a way with words, and other people … oh …  .
The four most beautiful words in our common language:  I told you so.
All pro athletes are  bilingual. They speak English and profanity.
Several fonts walk into a bar. “Get out of here!” shouts the bartender. “We don’t serve your type here.”
A grasshopper hops into a bar. The bartender says, “You’re quite a celebrity around here. We’ve even got a drink named after you.” The grasshopper says, “You’ve got a drink named Steve?”
A brain goes into a bar and says to the bartender, “I’ll have a pint, please.” The bartender says, “Sorry, I can’t serve you. You’re out of your head.”
Father’s Day was near when I brought my three-year-old son, Tyler, to the card store. Inside, I showed him the cards for dads and told him to pick one. When I looked back, Tyler was picking up one card after another, opening them up and quickly shoving them back into slots, every which way. “Tyler, what are you doing?” I asked. “Haven’t you found a nice card for Daddy yet?” “No,” he replied. “I’m looking for one with money in it.”
I decided to make myself useful and do a load of the family laundry. When I took the clothes out of the machine, I discovered — to my dismay — that I had also washed the watch my wife had given me while we were dating. “Don’t expect me to replace it,” she said later with an obvious lack of sympathy. By the time Father’s Day rolled around, however, she had relented and gave me a beautiful new watch. Attached was a note with this stipulation: “DRY-CLEAN ONLY!”
Our Gen-X daughter, Cristie, made my husband a Father’s Day card entitled “Things My Dad Would Never Say.” Such as: “Can you turn up that music?” “Go ahead and take my truck. Here’s 50 bucks for gas.” “I LOVE your tattoo. We should both get new ones.” “Here, you take the remote.”
Before I took the old family car to college, my father loaded the trunk with soft-drink bottles filled with oil, coolant and transmission fluid. Sure enough, my car overheated. Scolding myself for not listening to my father’s instructions, I looked at the engine and saw how well he knew me. The oil cap was labeled Dr Pepper, the transmission stick, Coke, and the empty coolant container, Diet Pepsi. I finished the trip safely.
Q. Why does yogurt love going to museums? A. Because it’s cultured.
Are you a cheetah? No, you lion!
• I’m employed at a computer security company and have a colleague whose name is M. Alware. His e-mail address is  • My ex-boss’s name is R. Stone. His e-mail was  • My name is James Pan. Every other permutation of my name was taken (e.g., jpan, jamesp), so I’m stuck with 
I have a question.     =     I have 18 questions. I’ll look into it.     =     I’ve already forgotten about it. I tried my best.     =     I did the bare minimum. Happy to discuss further.     =     Don’t ask me about this again. No worries.     =     You really messed up this time. Take care.     =     This is the last you’ll ever hear from me. Cheers!     =     I have no respect for you or myself!

Before google, there were librarians. Here are some queries posed to the poor, suffering staff of public libraries: • A woman wanted “inspirational material on grass and lawns.” • “Who built the English Channel?” • “Is there a full moon every night in Acapulco?” • “Music suitable for a doll wedding to take place between a Shirley  Temple doll and a teddy bear.” • “Can the New York Public Library recommend a good forger?”
Here’s some advice: At a job  interview, tell them you’re willing to give 110 percent. Unless the job is a statistician.
Nature abhors a vacuum, but not as much as a cat does.
My doctor took one look at  my gut and refused to believe that  I work out. So I listed the exercises  I do every day: jump to conclusions, climb the walls, drag my heels,  push my luck, make mountains out of molehills, bend over backward, run around in circles, put my foot  in my mouth, go over the edge, and beat around the bush.




Q: Why are chemists great for solving problems? A: They have all the solutions.
When she told me I was average, she was just being mean.
A neutron goes into a bar and asks the bartender, “How much for a drink?” The bartender replies, “For you, no charge.”
Q: What is a tornado’s favorite game to play? A: TWISTER






Q: Why aren’t dogs good dancers? A: Because they have two left feet!
A dog goes into a bar and orders a martini. The bartender says, “You don’t see a dog in here drinking a martini very often.” The dog says, “At these prices, I’m not surprised.”
A burglar breaks into a house. He starts shining his light around looking for valuables. Some nice things catch his eye, and as he reaches for them, he hears, “Jesus is watching you.” Startled, the burglar looks for the speaker. Seeing no one, he keeps putting things in his bag, again, he hears, “Jesus is watching you.” This time, he sees a parrot. “Who are you?” the burglar asks. “Moses,” the bird replied. “Who the heck would name a bird Moses?” the man laughed. “I dunno,” Moses answered, “I guess the same kind of people that would name a Rottweiler Jesus.”
The dogs next door get a little noisy, so one day somebody called animal control to complain. When the officers arrived, I heard my neighbor tell them, "Hey, dogs bark. It’s human nature."  
When our client’s dog lapped up anti-freeze, the veterinarian I work for ordered a unique treatment: an IV drip mixing fluids with vodka. “Go buy the cheapest bottle you can find,” he told me. At the liquor store, I was uneasy buying cheap booze so early in the day, and I felt compelled to explain things to the clerk. “Believe it or not,” I said, “this is for a sick dog.” As I was leaving, the next customer plunked down two bottles of muscatel and announced, “These are for my cats.”
A month after Donald MacDonald started at Harvard, his mother called from Scotland. "And how are the American students, Donald?" she asked.   "They’re so noisy," he complained. "One neighbor endlessly bangs his head against the wall, while another screams all night."   "How do you put up with it?"   "I just ignore them and play my bagpipes." 
After a day of listening to my eighth graders exchange gossip, I decided to quote Mark Twain to them: "It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt."   After considering my words, one of my students asked, "What does it mean to remove all doubt?" 
During my eighth-grade sex education class, no one could answer the question "What happens to a young woman during puberty?" So I rephrased it: "What happens to young women as they mature?"   One student answered: "They start to carry a purse." 
Question on second-grade math quiz: "Tony drank 1/6 of a glass of juice. Emily drank 1/4 of a glass of juice. Emily drank more. Explain."   My grandson’s answer: "She was more thirsty." 
The majority of Americans find bananas a peeling.
The price of candy at the movie theater is ridiculous. They’re always raisinet!
Every morning I think I’m going to make pancakes, but I keep waffling.
I love when candy canes are in mint condition.
A woman walked into my aunt’s animal shelter wanting to have her cat and six kittens spayed and neutered. “Is the mother friendly?” my aunt asked. “Very,” said the woman, casting an eye on all the pet carriers. “That’s how we got into this mess in the first place.”
Living in a household with eight indoor cats requires buying large amounts of kitty litter, which I usually get in 25-pound bags—100 pounds at a time. When I was going to be out of town for a week, I decided to go to the supermarket to stock up. As my husband and I both pushed shopping carts, each loaded with five large bags of litter, a man looked at our purchases and queried, “Bengal or Siberian?”
One night while I was cat-sitting my daughter’s indoor feline, it escaped outside. When it failed to return the following morning, I found the beast clinging to a branch about 30 feet up in a spindly tree. Unable to lure it down, I called the fire department. “We don’t do that anymore,” the woman dispatcher said. When I persisted, she was polite but firm. “The cat will come down when it gets hungry enough.” “How do you know that?” I asked. “Have you ever seen a cat skeleton in a tree?” she said. Two hours later the cat was back, looking for breakfast.
My wife is on a tropical food diet, the house is full of the stuff. It’s enough to make a mango crazy.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food, and I eat it.
I only seem to remember I want to lose weight after eating 9 cookies.
Q: What’s your favorite exercise? A: Chewing.
I don’t want to brag, but I do speak pig Latin; I mean, I’m not fluent, but I’m sure  if I ever went there, I could get by.
I bought one of those tapes to teach you Spanish in your sleep. During the night, the tape skipped. Now I can only stutter in Spanish.
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
When I was growing up, my mother’s best dish was store-bought Entenmann’s chocolate chip cookies.
My 16-year-old brother, Ryan, was out late with friends one night. Suddenly he realized it was Father’s Day and he had neglected to buy a card for our dad. After much searching, Ryan located an open store, but was disappointed to find only two cards left on a picked-over rack. Selecting one, he brought it home and, somewhat sheepishly, presented it to our father. Upon opening it, Dad read this message: “You’ve been like a father to me.” He looked at Ryan, puzzled. “Well, Dad,” Ryan tried to explain, “it was either that or the card that said, ‘Now that I’m a father too!’”
“Dad?” —Zebra looking at a piano
When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant, I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be 21,  I was astonished at how much the old man had learned in seven years.
Father’s Day is important because, besides being the day on which we honor Dad, it’s the one day of the year that Brookstone does any business.
Client to designer: “It doesn’t really look purple. It looks more like a mixture of red and blue.”
Instagram is just Twitter for people who go outside.
 A conversation with my friend’s father, who knows I do  Web design.  I have a business idea. How hard is it to make a Facebook?  Oh, very easy.  He doesn’t mean to make  a Facebook profile. He means to  remake all of Facebook.  Oh. Very hard.  Oh, OK.
After a talking sheepdog gets all the sheep in the pen, he reports back to the farmer: “All 40 accounted for.” “But I only have 36 sheep,” says the farmer. “I know,” says the sheepdog. “But I rounded them up.” 
So what if I can’t spell  ? It’s not the end of the world.
“Pickup artists” and “garbagemen” should switch names.
Whoever named  it   is a poor judge of anatomy.
Q: If H2O is the formula for water, what is the formula for ice? A: H2O cubed
Q: What did their parents say when they heard that Oxygen and Magnesium were going to get married? A: OMg
Once I told a Chemistry joke. There was no Reaction.
Q: What would you call a funny element? A: He he he (helium helium helium)




Does kitty dream of slinking down the catwalk? If so, give her a name that screams “I’m a star!” Like these actual pet names … Cleocatra Bing Clawsby Chairman Meow Alexander the Grey Mary-Louise Barker Bettie Poops Virginia Woof Iggy Pup
As the stranger enters a country store, he spots a sign: "Danger! Beware of Dog!" Inside, he sees a harmless old hound asleep in the middle of the floor.     "Is that the dog we’re supposed to beware of?" he asks the owner.     "That’s him," comes the reply.     "He doesn’t look dangerous to me. Why would you post that sign?"     "Before I posted that sign, people kept tripping over him." 
“For sale: Eight puppies from a German shepherd and an Alaskan hussy.”
This ad in the Bozeman Daily Chronicle was obviously directed toward pet lovers only: "Free to good home, a loving Jack Russell terror dog."
At a planning meeting at my college, I congratulated a colleague on producing some superb student-guidance notes explaining how to combat plagiarism.   "How long did it take you to write them?" I asked.   "Not long," he said. "I copied them from another university’s website."  
When my summer teaching post in the Czech Republic came to an end, I told my students my next teaching destination would be in Australia, "the land down under."  On my final day, they presented me with a card. The carefully worded note read "Good luck, and happy journey to the underworld." 
During a lecture on the influence of media on teens, a typo in the PowerPoint presentation revealed the professor’s true opinion. The title read “Three Reasons Teens Are Vulnerable Toads.”
Found in a heap of recycled files donated to our school was this curiously labeled folder: "Excuses I Have Used."
Becoming a vegetarian was a huge missed steak.
Q: What are hot dogs called in winter? A: Chilly dogs
A man told a friend about taking his wife to dinner for their anniversary. He described how the food was made in front of them. The friend said, “I’ve heard of places like that, what is the name of the restaurant?” The man replied, “Subway.” 
My granddaughter told me,   “Don’t buy brown eggs; they’re not ripe yet.”
I keep trying to lose weight, but it keeps finding me.
It took a lot of willpower. But I finally gave up dieting.
“Next time I send a damn fool,  I go myself.”
Probably the worst thing you can hear when you’re wearing a bikini is “Good for you!”
When I lost my rifle, the Army charged me $85. That’s why in the Navy, the captain goes down with the ship.
I gave my father $100 and said, “Buy yourself something that will make your life easier.” So he went out and bought a present for my mother.
I got all my looks from my father. Mostly just the look of disappointment.
A neighbor finds a young boy sitting on the stairs crying. “What’s the matter, honey?” she asks him. “It’s my father,” the boy says, sobbing. “He hit his finger with a hammer.” “Then why are you crying?” she says. “Because first I laughed!” he answers.
Q: What do you call an Amish guy with his hand in a horse’s mouth? A: A mechanic.
What did the Tin Man say when he got run over by a steamroller? “Curses! Foil again!”
Q: How often do you like jokes about elements? A: Periodically


There was a typo on a test I was taking. Instead of "(D) none of the above," it said "(D) one of the above." So I circled it.
Seen outside a professor’s door at Georgetown College: "Psychology 376: Dying, Grieving, and Coping. Take for your major or minor, or as a fun elective."
Becoming a vegetarian is a huge missed steak.
Q: What’s the worst part about movie theater candy prices? A: They’re always raisinet.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
A conference call is the best way for a dozen people to say “bye” 300 times.
(2015).  An epic tale of one man’s desperate journey to  do whatever it takes to  finally win an Oscar.
